Update ORT Performance threading docs (#16995)
microsoft/onnxruntime: docs/performance/tune-performance/threading.md

{:toc}

> For the default CPU execution provider, setting defaults are provided to get fast inference performance. You can customize the performance using the following knobs in the API to control the thread count and other settings:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the default CPU execution provider, defaults settings are provided to get fast inferencing performance. You can customize the performance using the following knobs in the API to control the thread count and other settings:
```

Python (Defaults):
```python
import onnxruntime as rt

sess_options = rt.SessionOptions()

sess_options.intra_op_num_threads = 0
sess_options.execution_mode = rt.ExecutionMode.ORT_SEQUENTIAL
sess_options.graph_optimization_level = rt.GraphOptimizationLevel.ORT_ENABLE_ALL
sess_options.AddConfigEntry(kOrtSessionOptionsConfigAllowIntraOpSpinning, "1")
```

* INTRA Thread Count

  * Controls the _total_ number of INTRA threads to use to run the model. 
  * INTRA = parallelize computation _inside_ each operator
  * Default: (not specified or 0). `sess_options.intra_op_num_threads = 0`
    * INTRA Threads Total = Number of physical CPU Cores. Leaving at default also enables some affinitization (explained below)
    * E.g. 6-core machine (with 12 HT logical processors) = 6 total INTRA threads

* Sequential vs Parallel Execution

  * Controls whether _multiple_ operators in the graph (_across_ nodes) run sequentially or in parallel. 
  * Default: `sess_options.execution_mode = rt.ExecutionMode.ORT_SEQUENTIAL`

>   * Usually when a model has many branches, setting this option to `ORT_PARALLEL` will provide better performance. This could also hurt performance on some models without many branches.

Reviewer: ORT_PARALLEL is not supported anymore. You can safely omit this part and all references to INTER op threadpool.

Author: Also I would prefer ORT team officially deprecates INTER in another PR. I think the scope of this PR is to make clearer the existing supported settings

* Thread-Pool Spinning Behavior

  * Controls whether additional INTRA or INTER threads spin waiting for work. Provides faster inference but consumes more CPU cycles, resources, and power
  * Default: 1 (Enabled)

## Set number of intra-op threads

Onnxruntime sessions utilize multi-threading to parallelize computation _inside_ each operator.

By default with intra_op_num_threads=0 or not set, each session will start with the main thread on the 1st core (not affinitized). Then extra threads per additional physical core are created, and affinitized to that core (1 or 2 logical processors).

Customer could manually configure the total number of threads like:

[Python](https://onnxruntime.ai/docs/api/python/api_summary.html#onnxruntime.SessionOptions.intra_op_num_threads) (below) - [C/C++](https://onnxruntime.ai/docs/api/c/struct_ort_api.html) - [.NET/C#](https://onnxruntime.ai/docs/api/csharp/api/Microsoft.ML.OnnxRuntime.SessionOptions.html#Microsoft_ML_OnnxRuntime_SessionOptions_IntraOpNumThreads)
```python
sess_opt = SessionOptions()
sess_opt.intra_op_num_threads = 3
sess = ort.InferenceSession('model.onnx', sess_opt)
```

> With the above configuration of 3 total threads, two extra threads will be created in the addtional INTRA pool, so along with the main calling thread, there will be three threads in total to participate in intra-op computation. However, if customer explicitly set the number of threads like showcased above, there will be no affinity set to any of the created thread.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the above configuration of 3 total threads, two extra threads will be created in the INTRA pool, so along with the main calling thread, there will be three threads in total to participate in intra-op computation. However, if customer explicitly set the number of threads like showcased above, there will be no affinity set to any of the created thread.
```
